hey man can't beat free wow this day has
been filled with a whole lot of
unexpected things woke up this morning
crawl out of bed first thing I do I head
downstairs I look at my phone I check
out my youtube videos see how they're
doing
check up my all my comments and whatnot
like emails all that kind of junk and
then I move on from there start my day
my breakfast all that kind of stuff
right well first thing this morning I
get up I go downstairs before I can even
check all that stuff I got a text from
moto Riley he's youtuber he does all
kinds of enduro stuff dual sport
whatever these guys they go beat the
out other bikes beat the who
selves and just makes for like epic
videos fantastic videos so I need God
hold as many people as I could everybody
was sleeping so a couple of us went out
sure motor Riley for a couple of
hours I think we've had coffee with him
he just passing through heading up to
on it for a week and one sitting there I
get a text from a co-worker three
tractor guy can't get it to work no
problem
said the deck is shot no problem is
coming off so I'm gonna go up pick up
the tractor bring her home and I'm gonna
dick around or then I'm gonna see why
it's not working
could be a simple electrical fix could
be a kill switch a safety switch who the
hell knows and that's gonna make a quick
little romp or something I get out now
I'm still billing these other ones and
there's a little something to beat the
up while I built these other ones
modify them all I kind of junk like that
so I will see you when I get up to where
the lawn tractor is I should be there to
book five minutes there we go we got her
she's a 12 horse craftsman but I don't
know we'll figure it out anyway we'll
see why she won't start and who knows
maybe we'll have a new project add to
the add to the channel I guess this
won't be pretty basic I'm not gonna mock
very much on it just
just go beat the out of this sorry
for using the GoPro to shoot the videos
here though guys it was the only bad it
was the only camera had charged at them
at the time when I went out today but
yeah you'll see here see how the Dex all
rotten who cares
it's coming off scrap metal so let's
let's take a bit of a a closer look as I
pulled over here on the side of the road
take a look at that engine 12 horse you
know what I don't think I'm ever gonna
be able to get a frigging twin but
that's okay hopefully this one works so
yeah do a little trouble a little bit of
troubleshooting there and it's actually
not a bad machine it's a nice-looking
one I have anyway it's the newest one -
oh it's got the trans Matic oh your
different speeds got you forward your
reverse
I have to jumper check the connections
charger up yeah
hey man can't beat free